# Analyst_Life
 From an academic perspective, I am inclined towards the field of Business Intelligence and Data Analytics and will be pursuing courses representing these domains. My keen interest in the subjects of Computer Science, as well as Business, has enhanced my Analytical and Quantitative Skills, while a touch of ingenuity has always kept me connected to my creative side.   My interest in this field aroused when I first took Data Mining during my undergrad following which I have taken a few more courses such as Text Mining, Business Environment during my undergrad in India which made me truly appreciate the importance of the broader perspective of existing and emerging pervasive technologies I have completed my Pre-Fall quarter here at SCU(Santa Clara University) by completing courses Such as Principle of Marketing and Finance and then opting for Mathematics for Finance and Analytics, Econometrics and R Programming for my first quarter and plan on taking courses such as Machine Learning  and Marketing Analytics in the coming quarters.My Quantitative and Analytical skills and my knack for problem-solving stem from my keen interest in Business and Analytics, and coupled with an artistic bent of mind, I strive to come up with technically sound creative solutions. I worked with Larsen and Toubro Infotech, where I worked on multiple technologies with different clients who are based out in the US. Because of my solid background in Python, SQL and  Agile methodologies. I tend to understand the importance of cross-dimensional domains as a technical person, focusing on a solution for an organization. I persevere in learning and implementing ideas that would thrive on insights to improve the current organizational scenario with my experience as a lead employee in the past. I am passionate about continuous learning and experimenting with new technologies and software paradigms. I am a team player who thrives in a proactive environment with dedication and zeal to gain a solid understanding of answers, which yields the best results    

## My Learnings : 
#### Marketing Analytics (Data Science in Marketing) : https://github.com/jkohli24/Marketing-Analytics-Projects
#### Tableau Storyboarding (Sales Analysis) : https://github.com/jkohli24/Tableau-Selflearning-  
#### Python For Data Analytics (Data Cleaning and Exploration) : https://github.com/jkohli24/Python-for-Data-Analytics
#### Marketing Case Study (Company Analysis) :https://github.com/jkohli24/Marketing-Case-Studies-
#### R Programming Projects (Data Visualization & Recommender Systems ):https://github.com/jkohli24/R-Programming-Projects
#### Microeconomics Case Studies (Monopoly and Competition )  https://github.com/jkohli24/Econometrics---Case-Studies-
